Welcome to step 5 of the course in terms of what why and how of Step 5 are kicked off of the what are
we going to learn.
We will learn about how to create an incredibly impactful discussion of what our product and or our
service is including a description of the important things to discuss from a qualitative perspective.
If a couple like not only what the product or service is but our quality control procedures are how
we manufacture the product if applicable what our return policy is and other topics like warranties
distribution.
Is it scalable.
The business model that is the packaging strategy that we have now from a quantitative perspective we
will discuss your current and future pricing strategy as well as input prices volume discounts and and
as always if applicable if you have a freemium or premium pricing strategy which happens with a lot
of people that create apps or software online Also we'll talk about other volume discount topics.
Do you want to bundle your product et cetera.
Okay let's move on to why why are we being so thorough with our qualitative analysis.
And as a side note.
The reason the financial section is way way in the back of the Course is because everything we discussed
before Step 12 can be used as an input into our financial section.
OK so a lot of what we discussed prior to Step 12 will be a little bit more qualitative and this will
all make a lot more sense to you by the time we get to Step 12 into our financials.
Lastly how how are we going to put together the step 5 product and services or services portion of our
business plan.
As with all steps were to answer a bunch of questions in the inputs and analysis as part of the course
part of the business plan here where we can see if a couple simple answers from SHARC virtual reality
as well.
So Tony sharks helping us out we can always look at his sample answers if you want.
In our answers will feed from the input section into the step 5 outputs and you'll see that I included
a couple of checkboxes that you can disable items that are just not applicable to your business plan
including if you're creating a product or a service and vice versa.
Thanks.